Use Vercel action for continuous documentation (#964)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: MAINTENANCE.md

Archives will be pushed to TestPyPI on every commit to the *master* branch and
tagged releases, and to PyPI for tagged releases only.

6. `continuous-documentation.yml` (Deploy documentation to Vercel for preview)

This workflow builds and deploys the documentation in Pull Requests to Vercel,
to make it easier to preview documentation changes.

## Continuous Documentation

We use the [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) service and the
[vercel-action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/vercel-action) action to
preview changes made to our documentation website every time we make a commit
in a pull request. The workflow `continuous-documentation.yml` builds and

> deploys the documentation to Vercel and create a comment with the latest URL
> of deployment preview.

Reviewer: The bot's comment seems to only point to a single URL (e.g. https://pygmt-git-vercel-action-gmt.vercel.app in this PR) and now a unique one.

```suggestion
deploys the documentation to Vercel. The vercel bot will automatically make a
comment with a URL to preview the deployed documentation for that pull request.
```
